Development hub (#596)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/development/guide.rst

Development guide
=================

The Development guide contains information regarding how to contribute to the
PennyLane codebase.

The guides below are aimed towards developers and cover how to install
PennyLane and its dependencies in development mode, run and add tests, write
documentation, as well as general best practices and an architectural overview

> of PennyLane, its plugins and devices.

Reviewer: Reads very well! :100:

.. devicegalleryitem::
    :name: Installation

>     :description: Dependencies and installation of PennyLane source code using development mode.

Reviewer: (Minor suggestion): just to be consistent with the order of the title on the subpage
```suggestion
    :description: Installation and dependencies of the PennyLane source code using development mode.
```

    :link: guide/installation.html

.. devicegalleryitem::
    :name: Software tests

>     :description: Installing dependencies and running PennyLane tests and coverage.

Reviewer: (Minor suggestion): small suggestions, was sticking to how [coverage is phrased here](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-cov/)
```suggestion
    :description: Installing dependencies, running the PennyLane test suite and measuring coverage.
```

    :link: guide/tests.html

.. devicegalleryitem::
    :name: Documentation
    :description: Building and contributing modules and packages to the PennyLane documentation.
    :link: guide/documentation.html

.. devicegalleryitem::
    :name: Submitting a pull request
    :description: Creating and submitting a pull request to the PennyLane repository.
    :link: guide/pullrequests.html

.. devicegalleryitem::
    :name: Best practices
    :description: General best practices for contributing and developing for PennyLane.
    :link: guide/bestpractices.html

.. devicegalleryitem::
    :name: Architectural overview
    :description: Architectural overview of PennyLane, its plugins and devices.

>     :link: guide/architecture.html

Reviewer: I'd personally not include these until they are added

Author: What do you think of simply commenting out these buttons for now, and then whenever the guides are added we could just un-comment them in again?

Reviewer: Works fine with me! :)

Reviewer: Thanks that's a fair point :) From my perspective, I'd still be more comfortable with having this not appear, should the content not make it into the next release

Author: I removed the empty files and commented out the title-cards and the hidden toctree page references. :slightly_smiling_face: I think either way works, but I'm actually leaning towards agreeing with @antalszava that it's better to not add things until they are actually being worked on (in case of things being delayed or changed).
